Adds nsfw_level field to invite example (#4334)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Invite.md

| approximate_member_count?   | integer                                                                                            | approximate count of total members, returned from the `GET /invites/<code>` endpoint when `with_counts` is `true`                    |
| expires_at?                 | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                                                                 | the expiration date of this invite, returned from the `GET /invites/<code>` endpoint when `with_expiration` is `true`                |
| stage_instance?             | [invite stage instance](#DOCS_RESOURCES_INVITE/invite-stage-instance-object) object                | stage instance data if there is a [public Stage instance](#DOCS_RESOURCES_STAGE_INSTANCE) in the Stage channel this invite is for |
| guild_scheduled_event?      | [guild scheduled event](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD_SCHEDULED_EVENT/guild-scheduled-event-object) object | guild scheduled event data, only included if `guild_scheduled_event_id` contains a valid guild scheduled event id                    |

> | type                     | integer                                                                                               | the type of channel the invite belongs too                                                                                           |

Reviewer: This should link to the invite types section below instead of saying integer

| max_age    | integer                                         | duration (in seconds) after which the invite expires |
| temporary  | boolean                                         | whether this invite only grants temporary membership |
| created_at | ISO8601 timestamp                               | when this invite was created                         |

> | type       | integer                                         | the type of channel the invite belongs too           |

Reviewer 2: Typo fix + why this `type` field is in both `Invite` and `Invite Metadata Object`?
```suggestion
| type       | integer                                         | the type of channel this invite belongs to           |
```
